# Description

## Development method

1. use `Node.js` and `Express` framework for the backend of the site, set the static folder of the service to `public`, and set the route to which the `/` page will jump.
2. using `socket.io` as the chat room's `socket` as the chat room's communication method, and depending on the logic binding to the corresponding method, the actions performed upon reception.
3. In the front-end, we set up three main pages, `home.html`, `about.html`, and `chat.html`, where
   + `home.html` represents the home page of the site, which provides a one-sentence overview of the site, while the other two pages `about.html`, and `chat.html` have entry points for navigation
   + `about.html` for detailed information about the site, such as the technical route of development, current features, future plans, etc.
   + `chat.html` is the main chat room, containing a live chat system where users can communicate with others and see the number of people online etc.
4. the front-end of the page uses `jQuery` as a third-party library for DOM manipulation, using its selectors to update data, which greatly improves development efficiency and reduces a lot of repetitive code.

## Interaction logic

1. when the `chat.html` page is accessed, a `javascript` file is loaded and the user is prompted for `username` using the `window.prompt` method and a random `userName` is generated using `Fakerjs` as the initial value for the input.
2. Create a new `socket` link with the server, sending `New User` and our randomly generated username `userName` to the server.
3. The server receives the username `userName` corresponding to `New User`, adds the new username to the `activeUsers` set, returns the full list of users `Users` for the new user, and sends a new user message `New User` for the current chat room.
4. The client receives the `Users` message and updates the resulting list statistics to the user panel on the right.
5. The client receives the new user message, converts it to a chat screen message and inserts it into the DOM
6. When a user sends a message, the client sends a `Message` message to the server, which is received by the server and sent to all users to change the content of the `Message`, enabling real-time chat.
7. When a user leaves, the server receives a `Disconnect` message and sends a `User Disconnected` message to all clients, which the client receives and inserts the user's message into the DOM rendering.

### How to use the chat room

1. First go through the Terminal in index.js, type ll, view file, then type cd ca4 to access the file.

2. And type node index.js to launch the chatroom page.

3. Go to the web page via the link generated by the Box URL and change the port to 8800.
For example: change the page link in https://lineardisney-jumbobalsa-3000.codio-box.uk/ 3000 to 8800, log in again, can enter the chat room.

4. If you want to join the chat staff, repeat the above steps.
